document the behavior on the browser that does not support service worker (#22546)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/service-worker-intro.md

## Prerequisites

To use Angular service workers, you must have the following Angular and CLI versions:

* Angular 5.0.0 or later.
* Angular CLI 1.6.0 or later.

Your application must run in a web browser that supports service workers. Currently, service workers are supported in the latest versions of Chrome, Firefox, Edge, Safari, Opera, UC Browser (Android version) and Samsung Internet. Browsers like IE and Opera Mini do not provide the support.

 <div class="l-sub-section">

>   If the browser does not support service workers, then the Angular service worker will not function correctly:

Reviewer: * the service worker behavior (offline cache management, push notifications, etc) will not happen.

* The service worker script and `ngsw.json` are not downloaded.

> * Active attempts to interact with the service worker, such as calling `SwUpdate.checkForUpdate()`, return rejected promises.

Reviewer: will it? I'm actually not sure. @gkalpak can you please confirm?

Reviewer 2: Yes. The methods (such as [SwUpdate#checkForUpdate()][1], [SwUpdate#activateUpdate()][2], [SwPush#requestSubscription()][3], [SwPuch#unsubscribe()][4] will return rejected promises and the observables will never emit (nor complete).

[1]: https://github.com/angular/angular/blob/78146c1890b472621acf33d778477db8df816043/packages/service-worker/src/update.ts#L52
[2]: https://github.com/angular/angular/blob/78146c1890b472621acf33d778477db8df816043/packages/service-worker/src/update.ts#L60
[3]: https://github.com/angular/angular/blob/78146c1890b472621acf33d778477db8df816043/packages/service-worker/src/push.ts#L83
[4]: https://github.com/angular/angular/blob/78146c1890b472621acf33d778477db8df816043/packages/service-worker/src/push.ts#L103

> * The service worker observable properties such as `SwUpdate.available` are not triggered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The service worker observable events such as `SwUpdate.available` are not emitted.
```

>  </div>

Reviewer: the app will however still work, and it is strongly recommended that developers ensure that the app works even without service worker support in the browser because for example google crawler has service worker apis disabled, so for SEO purposes it is a requirement that the app works even without the service worker. Our code is designed in such way, but developers might introduce custom code that makes their app code hard-dependend on sw which would cause fatal errors when the app is loaded in a browser without sw support (like google crawler).

> * Angular 5.0.0 or later.

Reviewer 3: Given that this doc set assumes v7 of Angular and CLI, please remove this: 

```
To use Angular service workers, you must have the following Angular and CLI versions:

Angular 5.0.0 or later.
Angular CLI 1.6.0 or later.
```

Reviewer: +1, we should be assuming and encouraging users to always use the latest version. the service worker code has improved quite a bit since v5 and we don't want to create an impression that v5 is sufficient. also CLI 1.6 is not even LTS so we should not be encouraging people to use it. Let's always assume the latest, unless we are deprecating apis and we are talking about when an API was deprecated and when it will be removed.

* Angular CLI 1.6.0 or later.

> Your application must run in a web browser that supports service workers. Currently, the latest versions of Chrome and Firefox are supported. 

Reviewer 3: I recommend bringing the other browsers up here: "Your application must run in a web browser that supports service workers. Angular has been tested with the latest versions of Chrome and Firefox. To learn about other browsers that support service workers, see the [Can I Use](http://caniuse.com/#feat=serviceworkers) page."

>  <div class="l-sub-section">

Reviewer 3: I don't think the div is necessary. I think regular text would be fine. It's part of the main flow, and neither supplemental cross reference nor especially important to flag, given this is already a Prereq section.

>   If service workers are unsupported in the current browser:

Reviewer 3: Per Google style, intro needs to be a complete sentence, such as: "If the browser does not support service workers, then the Angular service worker will not function correctly: 

https://developers.google.com/style/lists#introductory-sentences-for-lists

> * The service worker script and `ngsw.json` will never be downloaded.

Reviewer 3: These could all have a simpler verb tense. 
* The service worker script and ngsw.json are not downloaded.
* Active attempts to interact with the service worker, such as calling SwUpdate.checkForUpdate(), return rejected promises. 
* The service worker observable properties, such as SwUpdate.available(), are not triggered.

> * Active attempts to interact with the service worker, such as calling `SwUpdate.checkForUpdate()` will return rejected promises.

Reviewer 3: Missing a comma after SwUpdate.checkForUpdate()

> * The service worker `Observable` properties such as `SwUpdate.available` will not be trigered.

Reviewer 3: Misspelled word: triggered

Missing commas before and after "such as SwUpdate.available"

> * The service worker `Observable` properties such as `SwUpdate.available` will not be trigered.

Reviewer 3: Regular font and lowercase for observable

 </div>

>  To learn about other browsers that are service worker ready, see the [Can I Use](http://caniuse.com/#feat=serviceworkers) page.

Reviewer 3: Simplification: To learn about other browsers that support service workers, see...

> ## Related resources

Reviewer 3: An idea: "Related resources" followed by "More on Angular service workers" feels redundant. Now that we have a convention of "Next steps", I recommend changing "More on Angular service workers" to 
 

```
## Next Steps

To begin using Angular service workers, see the following guide: 
```
